from hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel
minutes, a weekly discussion with
web developer and technologist Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
show number three 20 recorded
live Friday, may 18, 2012.
This episode is brought to
you by Tellerik offering the
best in developer tools and
support online@telerikdotcomandbyfranklin.net training developers to
work smarter and now offering
gesture pack, powerful gesture, recording,
and recognition system for Microsoft
connect for windows developers details.
Add gesture, ptak.com. In this
episode, Scott talks with Phil
hack and Tim Clem about
developing GitHub for windows. Hi,
this is Scott Hanselman and
this is another episode of
Hansel minutes. And today big
announcement, big, exciting stuff. Phil
hack is back from get
hub. He's a quitter. He
left Microsoft. He abandoned me,
abandon his team, but he
went off. He did something
amazing and we'd worked for
get hub and he's brought
his friend, Tim Clem, along,
Phil, what did you do?
What did you make? What
did you bring me? So
We've been teasing you about
being acquitted. Anytime we see
you, we just have to
like cough, quitter. What? An
introduction. No, no. In all
seriousness though, we, we love
you and we know you're
still a big, big part
of the community and you're
doing amazing stuff. So you
and Tim and team have
brought what to share. So
we've brought get hub for
windows. I have no musical
cue. I have no, but
it happened in my mind
though, in my brain, I
was like gearing up for
windows, windows, windows, echo, echo
echo. Yes, yes, yes. A
client application for interacting with
get hub as well as
a gate client. And the
nice thing about it, even
if you don't care for
a good hub and just
need a gay client, it
installs everything that I'd like
to scratch that because why
would anyone not care about
getting it? Let me roll
back. Well, hang on. You
want to seriously roll back?
Cause we don't really, I
don't roll back on the
show. Like even as, even
as I'm saying this right
now, I'm fully not intending
to roll this back. This
is the stuff of legend.
You're overthinking it. My friend.
Yeah. I get up for
windows Because I just recorded
another podcast where they're like,
Oh yeah, you can just
roll it back. Just pause.
And then it, See now
you're now you're making me
feel. I thought I had
an exclusive and now you're
making me feel on special.
No, I'm just saying, hanging
out with Galloway or, you
know, that troubles. It was
hurting code guys. Okay. So,
but to be clear when
you install it, it makes
everything just happen. Yeah, exactly.
Yeah. This is, I mean,
it's your one stop shop
for get on windows as
well as kind of seamless
interactivity with GitHub. So you
basically shouldn't need to do
anything other than run, set
up that exi In the
past. I've got I've, you
know, I go up and
I Google and I've with
being and I find get,
and I download like M
SIS get, and I don't
know what that means. And
then it asks me scary
questions. Like, do you want
me to like either a
destroy your path B destroy
your system or C probably
not work at all. I
never know which one to
pick. And then I push
it and then it gives
me like Cygwin and then
I'm in some kind of
strange land and I've never
quite felt like I integrated
get into my life. And
then I tried posh get
from Keith lb and we
like worked on that and
made it work in PowerPoint
shell, which was kind of
cool, but I never really
felt like get belonged here.
Like I felt like get
didn't want to be on
windows. And I think that's
actually a really common experience.
Like the majority of windows
developers it's, it's like going
into the, you know, the
woods it's like Trek it
up. The Amazon you're in
a foreign land. You type
in some in Canton, Ken,
Ken patient into a command
prompt. And all of a
sudden you're in a text
editor where, you know, letters,
don't actually tech type text
in it. And you're like,
Oh my God, close the
window. This is, you know,
I give up like, this
is not the system for
me. And so what we've
tried to do is really
remove a lot of that
barrier in, you know, you
don't need to pick paths
being overwritten and whether you
want line feeds or carriage
returns in line feeds on
the end of your lines
and your environment, you just
need to install a single
utility. It does come with
a full working version of
emphasis get. And so if
you need to get down
on that level, you absolutely
can. But for, you know,
the 90% of people who
are doing kind of basic
versioning tasks and pushing and
pulling repositories from get hub,
you probably never have to
type an up to skit
command again in your life
Seriously. And now the one
that I've been beta testing
is a, is click once,
is it remaining click once
It will, for the initial
release, we have some, some
plans, but for version one,
that we're going to distribute
it with click ones. So
that means that, you know,
I'll go up there, I'll
push set up once. It'll
be like, I dunno, what
is it like 10 megs
and very small. It it's
actually fairly good because we
actually pack get, we bundle,
get inside the app as
well. So I think it's
30 or 40 Meg download,
but you have a full
working installation of, of get
included in that I don't
need to maintain that installation
of get like You do
not that all comes with
it. And I think one
of the best parts that
we've done is just the,
the updates are really Chrome
style seamless. You basically get
notified when an update has
already downloaded and installed on
your computer. And that update
might include a new version
of get Really. And then
you just unpack get into
some special secret place. And
I don't have to think
about it. You don't have
to think about it. I
already have a version of
get on my system, Which
you can continue to use
and, and our get really
lives in its own sandbox.
And so we, we write
a shortcut out that you
could launch to kind of
pull up, get in a
shell of your choosing a
PowerShell or the traditional command
prompt, or even get bash.
If you really are in
love with the eye. And
that tool set, I use
console too. So I type
in my kind of custom
thing and that ends up
being what I launched. And
it pulls up in the
context of whatever repository you're
looking at in the application.
So if I'm, you know,
checking out a new get
gallery, and I want to
make a contribution, I can
pull up a PowerShell instance
with posh, get loaded up
right within the, you know,
the path loaded of that
repo. So I'm going to
try something here and I
hope this is okay if
I go here and I
say, get clone, but I'm
doing this on the command
line. I said, I'm going
to pull from code Plex,
which now supports get what
will happen to get up
for windows. And what's the
relationship between like get stuff
from my company versus get
stuff from copex versus GetSet
from GitHub all get, but
not all from the same
place. Well, once you've climbed
it locally, you can drag
it into a get hub
for windows and you'll be
able to use, get hub
for windows as a good
client for that repository. You'll
miss out on some of
the benefits of being able
to clone directly from that,
that repo remote hosts. That's
some of the things that
you get with GitHub, but
yeah, you can, what happens
is you'll need to make
sure you call in the
HTTPS URL, which for complex,
I think that's the only
one they offer, right. It
bucket offers both. And then
when you navigate to your
drag it into, get her
for windows and then try
to navigate, okay. And now
go and navigate to it.
There's the little arrow, openness,
this repo login required. Yep.
So now you enter your
credentials for code Plex there
and it actually says COVID
flex right there. Yeah. We'll
look at that. Yep. And
we'll cash it for you.
And what's nice is if
you're using our prompt or
shell, or if you use
the app, now you won't
have to reenter your username
and password every time you
make a commit and push
and push it up. So
this is nice. I'm looking
at Luan. Who's one of
our engineers. Who's just checked
something in to asp.net. I've
got a diff, I've got
old new, I've got line
numbers. I've got, I can
scroll around and I can
see their faces. How do
I, how do you know
what they look like? So
we use Across GitHub, we
use Gravatar as a way
to show faces next to
people's users on GitHub. And
it's all keyed off of
an email address. So even
for something like code Plex,
you know, you are putting
your email address in those
commits. And as long as
you've signed up for a
Gravatar with that email address,
then we're able to display
it in the app. Very
cool. Very cool. I like
that. It's nice that, that
I can have all of
my good stuff, both get
hub local. And at, at
Coplex all in one place,
it seems the, the real
depth is once you get
past that first screen and
you dig into our reproach
or repo. Absolutely. Like I
initially didn't realize that, that
there was much more beyond
kind of this browser. I
was saying, there's a Mark
Dennett. And then I clicked
on it and I was
like, Oh, look at all
this stuff. And then you
can really start digging in.
Yup. And you can create
branches, manage branches, delete branches,
merge branches. So there's a
lot, a lot you can
do. Well, there's this notion
of sinking. Every time I
move around, like for example,
I just clicked from master
to a V2 release candidate
branch, and there's little subtle
things that sinking. And then
I switched back and it
says sinking again. What is
the notion of sinking? And
what does that, what does
that mean to, to the
average, Joe, who's not familiar
with getting get hub. And
so, so what we're doing
is we're checking the remote
URL to see if there's
any new commits that you
might want to pull down
locally, get like material like
a unlike subversion or TFS
get is a distributed version
control system. So you have
the entire repository history locally
on your machine, and you
can make a commits and
do work all locally, branch,
whatever you want. And then
at some point, though, you're
probably going to want to
share those changes with other
people. And, and that's where
we're sinking can come in.
If you've made some local
commits, you'll see that the
sync button will light up
and be enabled so that
you can click on it
and push those commits slope
up to the server. And
likewise, if there's commits on
the server that you don't
have, you can click the
button and it'll pull them
down. And if you have
commits local and commits on
the server will handle that
situation too. When you, when
you clicks sync, we're going
to put the server and
your local repository in the
same state. Well, I just
clicked revert, commit to one
of the things. And then
I can see here unsync
commence commits and then history.
And then if I hit
sync, it would go up
and probably fail. Cause I
don't have permission to go
directly to, to master. Could
I make pull requests directly
from here as well? You
cannot, but for many commit
you can go directly to
GitHub. If, if you're a
repository is hosted on get
hub. And I think it's
key to remember, at least
for this initial version, we're
really targeting get hub.com as
the place to hold your
repository. So you won't see
a lot of those things
if you're using a code
flexor a bit. Okay. So
I'll switch back over to
some of the code 52
guys, if you check out
code 50 two.org, these are
the guys that are doing
a different open source project
every week, and they're all
hosted on GitHub. I can
go up there and see
what they're doing. And this
has been actually really great
for me to learn more
about code. It's such a
nice code browser and the
code browser is nice on
GitHub on the website, but
frankly, once you've used GitHub
for windows, a long enough
moving around with the cursor
is faster. You know what
I'm saying? Like I'm looking
here at history, I've got
a 30 inch monitor. I've
got a beautiful, you know,
Metro looking app here, which
is get up to windows.
And then on the right
hand side, I'm just cursing
up and down, looking at
the different check-ins and you
do have infinite scroll. And
what's nice about this is
that I can move faster.
So it's nice that we
can do so many things
with HTML five, but honestly,
apps like this. Remind me
why we have a client
app in the first place.
If you know what I'm
saying. Absolutely. Did you, did
you guys ever have discussions
like that? Did you ever
say to yourselves, well, maybe
we'll just not do a
windows client. We'll just make
a super amazing web page
that will do what we
needed to do. I, you
know, there's something really essential
still about, you know, the
development and the design and
kind of that creative aspect
happening locally still. And a
lot of people that are
attempting to do, you know,
code editing and IDs in
the browser. And in many
ways, I still think that
people want to like unplug
and have very rich, native,
responsive tools. I mean, all
of our development tools across
platforms that we use are
native. I mean, it's, that
is the experience that you
come to love and to
edit code in a web
browser is maybe convenient sometimes,
but ultimately, you know, I
prefer that the native tools
come into this, you know,
they're hooked up to the
web and they have a
paradigm of sync. And so
you don't need to worry
about having the latest changes
of the latest version, but
you get, you know, all
this nice making use of
your big screen and your
graphics card and, you know,
beautifully rendering text and that
kind of stuff. So it
sounds like you're not bought
into the HTML will be
the thing for all applications
and all problems can be
solved. You know, I think
they'll come in the middle.
I think, you know, you
finding that the web is
trying to pull in more
and more rich client functionality,
but they can only do
so in a way that's
lowest common denominator. It goes
against all platforms and the
native apps are starting to
become more and more like
the web and that they're
plugged into web services and
rest API APIs and, you
know, your settings sync to
new machines without having to
tell them anything other than
your username and password. And
so sooner or later, I
won't, you know, I'll, I
could even like tear a
tab out of, you know,
Chrome and all of a
sudden that is actually a
rich native app on my
machine. That's thinking, and then
we'll work on the airplane
without wifi. Nice, nice actually,
to speak to that, I'm
sitting here looking at my
own GitHub repository and I've
got something that I worked
on my laptop that I
don't have on my big
desktop that we're talking on
right here. And I'm going
to visit that. It's a,
a visual studio extension that
I wrote, and there's a
button here next to the
little thing that says, download
this repository is a zip
file. It says clone in
windows, and I'm actually running
Google Chrome here. So I'm
not running, I don't have
any active X controls or
anything. I hover over that.
It says GitHub windows, colon
slash slash not HTTP slash
slash. I click on that.
And it says, do you
want to launch applications? And
I say, yes. And then
suddenly it actually brings that
Down. I see the folder
just appeared. It's coming down
asynchronously. It's just shown up
and an ex even reused
the instance of GitHub for
windows. I already had it.
Didn't launch a new one.
There you go. That's a
pretty slick interaction right there.
So, and you have to
compare that to, you know,
what, what do we try
to teach people otherwise, you
know, maybe a year ago
doing that on windows would
involve, you know, walking through
those dialogues and emphasis, get
trying to understand whether your
path is going to get
Borks and then learning how
to set up SSH keys
and upload them to get
hub, and then pulling out
a command prompt and figuring
out the proper way to
tell, get to pull a
repository locally. So I think,
you know, that right there
is kind of the, the
biggest change that I hope
that we're making in the,
in the ecosystem in terms
of just making it easier
to check out other people's
code and potentially contribute to
it. Yeah. I was just
today, I was working on
updating our help docs for
the launch and we have
a page, you know, how
to get, get set up
for windows. And it's fairly
long, quite a few steps.
And I was like, wow,
I can pretty much take
all of this market deleted
one line that says, click
this link and you are
done. And so, you know,
it's a significant amount of
simplification of getting it set
up and hopefully it just
lowers the barrier of entry
to getting contributing to other
projects like, like Tim was
saying, What will users of
like tortoise get? And some
of these other Explorer type
things that have kind of
cobbled together tools that aren't
necessarily as polished visually, but
maybe more functionally polished. Are
they gonna, you think that
they're going to switch to
get up for windows or
they're just going to find
that they'll use GitHub for
windows for 80 90% of
what they're doing. And then
if they need something super
advanced, they'll hop into another
alternate tool. You know, I
expect people to use a
hybrid of tools. Our target
was really to bring in
people who were basically completely
turned off by having to
install a command line utility
to use or what our
website. And so we just,
we kind of want to
like extend the invitation to
be part of this open
source thing, or even your
private source collaboration on get
hub. But you know, a
lot of those tools in
many ways still required to
go read the gift documentation,
you know, you right. Click
and you get a list
of every get command, revert,
reset, you know, soft, mixed
har you know, you still
have to go understand what
do all my 17 menu
options. What does that actually
going to do to my
repository? Yup. Yeah. And so
I've found that I, I
use both the, the command
shell PowerShell with posh kit
and the good hub for
windows application in a kind
of mixed workflow workflow because
the guitar for windows app
doesn't support some of the
advanced things that I like
to do once in a
while. Like if I want
to do a, a patch
commit where I only adding
specific lines of certain files
to the index. Right, right.
That's the kind of thing
that most people don't care.
Maybe I shouldn't, but I
do sometimes. And so, you
know, I'll drop to the
command line to do that,
but, you know, getting for
windows has certain niceties. For
example, when you're edit, entering
a commit message, it has
a feel for sort of
the, so if you're unfamiliar
with the get commit message,
it's really just a one
block attacks, but there's a
convention. If you, the first
line followed by a new
line, followed by a description,
right? So title new line
description, and the title really
should only be a certain
number of characters. If you
type more than that number
of characters, you'll notice on
GitHub that it starts to
bleed into the description, but
what we've done in get
her for windows. And I
don't know I'm looking at
it right now. I've got
an uncommitted changes and it
says, get it messaged required.
So I'm typing. So keep
typing. And eventually it turns
gray. Yeah. That's characters turned
gray. And what that's telling
you is that everything that's
gray is sort of too
long for the nice looking
single line description, and you're
free to commit it that
way, but it's kind of
a hint to say, you
know, maybe you want to
shorten the one liner and
write something in the description
and create a nice, get
commit message. Well, I've just
made while we were talking
here and Unsane says unsync
to commit and it's garbage.
Basically I reverted something and
I've just kind of slept
the keyboard. I don't want
to do that. There you
go. You can roll back.
So they're able to click
and I would say roll
back to this commit. Yup.
And I go back to,
so now, Oh, and it
says no committed changes and
I'm back to where it
was. So I made a
mistake and I put it
right back where it was.
And I think that's a
very hard thing for people
to figure it out, how
to do it and get
mainly because the, you know,
it's, the terminology is confusing.
You have reverts and resets
and, you know, various command
line switches that drastically changed
the behavior of the command.
And so we really simplified
it into two things. A
re a revert is actually
a new commit. That is
exactly the opposite of the
commit you're reverting. So you
think of all the dispatch
that you added that is
like the inverse, you know,
the, the opposite patch applied,
what should, what should take
those changes out of the
code base? And then a
rollback is literally like, take
all those changes and pull
that commit off the top
of the stack, but we
leave those changes dirty in
your working directory. So you're
free to fully delete them.
Or maybe you made a
mistake and you just need
to update a file or
delete a file or, or
add something else in there
that you forgot and then
make another commit, which will
then add that to the
top of the way. Yeah.
You can, you can right.
Click on those files in
the file list, the changes
and discard the changes. Yeah.
Because if I back up,
like I'm looking here, the
asp.net, I back up two
days ago and I say,
roll back to this commit.
Now it says I have
uncommitted changes. So I backed
up, but I, those Changes
are ready to be committed.
And what we're doing there
is we just, We don't,
we're not throwing away any
of that work. We're basically
bringing you back to that
state right before you would
have made the next set
of commits. Interesting. Interesting. Yeah.
So that way you can
do a slight and then
to it, or you can
go ahead and right. Click
and discard those changes. And
so, yeah, I really liked
the fact that we don't
discard that stuff automatically. I
wanna dig a little bit
into a couple of things
that I thought that were
particularly interesting here, because someone
might just say, okay, lovely.
You know, this is like
Phil and Hanselman together again,
or new friend, Tim, and
we're doing an advertisement for
forget hub for windows, but
let's dig into this because
there's two things I think
you did that were significant.
When you say, when I
click and say, I can,
or I can click on
a little gear here and
say, open-end command prompt, but
what's significant to me about
that is if you go
into your settings, here are
your options. Here. It is
default shell. This is the
options for get hub for
windows. It says CMD, what
I like to call dos,
even though it's not CMDA
XC get bash PowerShell or
customs, you actually have four
different choices. So you've got
an advanced option here that
says I can pick the
shell that I want, but
there's a little icon with
a picture of your ma
or your, your Octa, Casey.
It was it called Okta
cat. There you go. You
got it. The Octocat it
says get shell. So depending
on which shall I pick,
that's what they get shell
becomes. If I want to
use console too, and I
double click on get shell,
it will be the get
shell, correct? Yep. That's what
Tim and I have set
up. Yeah. Yeah. You do.
You use console and you're
using console too with PowerShell.
Yes. Okay. And then when
you use PowerShell, you partnered
up didn't you to make
PowerShell better forget. Absolutely. Yeah.
Yeah. Take advantage of one
major thing in particular. And
that's Keith Falvey's posh kit,
which really changes your experience
on the command line in
terms of interacting with a
get repository and kind of
understanding the current state and
status. Yeah. We use quite
a bit of open source
in this project, which was
a lot of fun. Was
that difficult. Like I know
that when we did this
at Microsoft, there's there's patent
searches and there's asking bosses
and stuff. I assume that
you guys just let you
just like give, get a
cigar and you just say,
yeah, we're going to use
this. Yeah. Was there a
lawyer involved at any point
or was it really just
like over beers? W there
was no low area. Everything
was over beers. We've tried
to, everyone is credited in,
in the app. If someone
really feels strongly that we've
infringed, we will go drink
beer with someone else and
use their open source project.
So, yeah, But we've tried,
we've tried hard to comply
with the, you know, with
the terms of the licenses,
right? These are all open
source licenses. So it's not
really that hard to use
them. Yeah. Everything we've used
has, Has an explicit opensource
license. Some of them are
on GitHub. I think a
couple of them are on
COVID Plex. And so we've
pulled Those into the, in
the credits of the application.
So when you found open
source, that is, that wants
to be used. You used
it. Absolutely. In fact, if
you go into the options
menu, you should see from
the main dashboard, you should
see a credit option and
you can push on that
and you can see all
the various projects that we've
credited. Correct. One of the
things I'm noticing too, is
I move around. Like, for
example, I'm doing a sync
right now off, over one
place, but I'm still able
to move around the thing
hasn't locked up at all.
It hasn't when I say
locked up, I don't mean
like in a crashed way,
but I mean, in a,
it hasn't made me wait
for anything. It seems asynchronous
and pretty much everything that's
doing. Absolutely. That smells like
Paul bets. Yeah. That is
definitely his sense. And which
is the tool of Paul's
that you use. I talked
to him about this a
while back, but I don't
want to necessarily lead the
interview too far, Re reactive
UI, which is a built
a UI framework for WPF
that builds on top of
reactive extensions. You get that@reactiveui.net,
the single page homepage for
reactive UI that I be
rated Paul and to making,
when I told them this
is amazing, where's your homepage.
I don't have one. So
you need to make a
homepage right now. And he
made this great one. And
you actually feel, I've seen
you tweet a number of
times that it's completely changed
the way that you thought
about UI. Oh yeah, yeah,
yeah, definitely. It's all about
UI and about how, how
to do async and, you
know, it's really gotten me
kind of in love with
declarative functional programming and it
it's so impressed. You know,
what I really love about
it is it impressed a
lot of the guys, other
guys that get hub who
are working on the Mac
app so much that they
built reactive cocoa. Cause I,
yeah. So, and they published,
it's published on GitHub now.
So it's an open source
project that brings basically the
same reactive paradigm to objective
C developers for the Macko
S Wow. That's very exciting.
They're blocked. They're blocked. Syntax
is a little ugly, but
yeah, That's just the magic
of objective C I'm sorry.
Yeah, it looks ugly, but
at least they can do
some of the same kind
of, you know, beautiful interactions
in a way ugly language.
And you did this, so
you did this happen. WPF,
of course, how has been
that experience? And I know
that a lot of people
felt that WPF had a
rough start and the fonts
were really blurry, but ever
since kind of Metro twit
kind of came out and
paved the way to make
it make a, a good
looking application. I'm seeing more
and more WPF apps that
don't suck. This seems to
be no, I mean, it's
fast. It paints quickly. It's
beautiful. It's clear the fonts
look sharp. Oh, I'll let
Tim go first on this.
And then I'll tell you
what's good. What's bad. I
mean, I think we've had
a, generally a really positive
experience with WPF and definitely,
you know, we work in
a really Cross-platform environment. And
so it's fun to compare
notes with the iOS guys
and the web guys about
how they're solving layout and
transparency problems and doing animations
and those kinds of things.
And at the end of
the day, like WPF kind
of blows a lot of
those things out of the
water in terms of the
tool set around building interfaces
and the design time environment.
And then even just having
a version of will format
of our interfaces. I mean,
if you're on, if you're
doing iOS development, you got
these basically nib files, which
are don't show anything on
get hub. You can't tell
when anybody's moved a button
around or change the color
somewhere. And so I think
from that aspect, we really
had a very, very, very
positive experience with WPF. And
it's at this point, you
know, version four things are
fairly mature. The text blurriness,
I think, got ironed out
when visual studio started adopting
more WPF, there are certainly
at SCWorks in some corner
things and certain elements, which
still kind of, I see,
and drive me nuts in
the application, but it, in
general it is, it is
a beautimous framework to work
in. And I think maybe
the biggest stamp of approval
was, you know, I get
hub, you kind of have
to convince people to work
on a project. And from
day one in working on
this, I knew I had
to have design involvement cause
everything that get hub does
involves design as kind of
a core competency. And so
I had to talk basically
a designer into, you know,
turning off his Mac and
turning on a windows computer
and hacking on this with
me and the WPF and
the Metro UI sold it
100%. I had an afternoon
of demonstrating actually some windows
phone apps and the Zune
app and, and some other
Metro twit and some other
things. And I had them
sold and he was off,
he had his grid system
set up and he was
just in love with the,
you know, the topography and
the layout and, and his
ability to basically conceive anything
design-wise and I would say,
Oh, sure, absolutely. I can
do that. That's no problem.
Seriously. This is like some
kind of anti-matter type of
a situation here where one
of us is going to
explode because it is extremely
weird because I can only
assume that's all right. I
can only assume that those
are extremely uncomfortable conversations. And
there are those that are
simply closed minded and like
Metro sucks, Metro, all the
things, you know, we're screwing
up and they're screwing up
and everyone's, you know, I
mean, there's a lot to,
there's a lot of emotional
baggage between windows, people in
Mac people. So it's always
nice when they just kind
of get together and make
something pretty Well. And, and
if you'll notice the Metro
style, we came up with
our own style, get hub
default avatars. If, if your
email address doesn't have an
avatar, or if your org
avatar, there's a set of
default ones in the application.
And those actually, I think
they got slightly tweaked, but
have been adopted on github.com
proper because they were, everybody
likes them so much. So,
you know, it's interesting that
you, that because there's, There
is a, there's a very
significant style and there's some
very specific, very subtle things
about get hugged and then
latest the buttons have, have
a kind of a shadow
on them. It's, it's evocative
of Coco and Mac, but
not in a, in an
overt way, but at the
same time, looking at the
GitHub site right here in
front of me on the
screen next to the Metro,
get up for windows. They
don't, they, they, they are,
they are echoes of each
other and they are evocative
each other, but they, they
both kind of stand alone,
but the branding is consistent.
Yup. And we talked a
lot about, we call it,
get hub flavored Metro. So
we didn't totally follow all
of the Metro design principles.
We kind of took some
leeway and some, you know,
made some decisions on our
own, but we really wanted
it to feel like a
coherent part of the product.
We didn't want to develop
something that didn't feel like
getting out. I also thought
it was interesting that you
didn't just slap the GitHub
logo into the upper left
corner, even though it's possible
that you could do that.
Like the, the, your app
is effectively Chrome lists. It
is just a big white
window with just the code.
And, and I wouldn't, you
know, I won't say too
much, but I wouldn't be
surprised. There's, we're really trying
to move towards this Chrome
list direction. Maybe not as
drastically as some Metro apps
go, but this idea of
the content, it was what
matters. Like you've you visit
get hub to look at
your code. You don't visit
it to see our family.
Yeah. The Octa cat or,
And our logo even necessarily.
So, Yeah, I mean, because
ultimately every single screen, every
single interaction doesn't have to
be an advertisement for you
because I'm already using it.
Absolutely. Any, and even the
way the company is structured,
we're not, we don't make
money off of ads in
any form. We are interested
in, you know, if you're
on GitHub, looking at code,
most likely, you know, who
get hub is, and you
know about the brand. So
Yeah, that's really cool. I
really appreciate you guys talking
to me, thank you for,
for doing this and for
bringing us to the community
and where will people be
able to download this stuff?
So everything will be on
windows.github.com and there'll be a
big blog post. You should
be able to see on
the top of our site.
And that's, that's the place
to go to download the
app one, click down And
I is the cloning windows
button going to appear everywhere
and people will kind of
get it, get it organically.
So if you are running
windows, the, you will, everyone
will have the cologne in
windows button. If you have
installed and run the app.
If you've logged in to
get up for windows, that
button will act as what
it says. It does Clinton
windows. If it doesn't, it
will direct you over to
the download site. So Very
cool. I really appreciate it.
Good to see you, Phil.
You too, Scott, and nice
to meet you, Tim. And
I hope I will see
you. Absolutely. Thank you, Scott.
This has been another episode
of Hanselminutes and we'll see
you again next week. .